README.md, before:

# pluralkit.py

[![PyPi Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pluralkit.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pluralkit/)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pluralkit/badge/?version=latest)](https://pluralkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Discord server invite](https://discord.com/api/guilds/858455002107871233/embed.png)](https://discord.gg/secvguatbC)

Python wrapper for [PluralKit](https://pluralkit.me/)'s API.

Currently supports PluralKit's v1 API.

## Installing

Python 3.6 or higher is required.

```bash
# linux/macOS
python3 -m pip install -U pluralkit

# windows
py -3 -m pip install -U pluralkit
```

## Quick examples

Provided a system's authorization token, the examples below print the system description and list the system's members.

### Async usage

pluralkit.py was created with [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) in mind, and so the default implementation is [asynchronous](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-task.html).

```python
from pluralkit import Client
import asyncio

pk = Client("token") # your token here

async def main():
   system = await pk.get_system()
   print(system.description)

   members = pk.get_members()
   async for member in members:
      print(f"{member.name} (`{member.id}`)")

loop = asyncio.get_event_loop()
loop.run_until_complete(main())
```

### Synchronous usage

Blocking execution may be specified with the client argument `async_mode=False`.

```python
from pluralkit import Client

pk = Client("token", async_mode=False)

system = pk.get_system()
print(system.description)

members = pk.get_members()
for member in members:
   print(f"{member.name} (`{member.id}`)")
```

## Token

The client can be used without one's [PluralKit authorization token](https://pluralkit.me/api/#authentication), but it's required for editing one's system or members or for accessing one's private system or member info.

## Links

* [PyPI link](https://pypi.org/project/pluralkit/)
* [Latest build of the docs](https://pluralkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* [pluralkit.py Discord support server](https://discord.gg/secvguatbC)
* [PluralKit support server](https://discord.gg/PczBt78)
* [PluralKit's API](https://pluralkit.me/)

## Todo

* Test timezone mechanics
* Prepare for API v2

Commit message:

add warning for v1 going out of service

README.md, after:

# pluralkit.py

[![PyPi Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pluralkit.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pluralkit/)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pluralkit/badge/?version=latest)](https://pluralkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Discord server invite](https://discord.com/api/guilds/858455002107871233/embed.png)](https://discord.gg/secvguatbC)

Python wrapper for [PluralKit](https://pluralkit.me/)'s API v1.

> :warning: **The [v1 PluralKit API](https://pluralkit.me/api/changelog/) is deprecated**, so please do not try to use this v1 Python API. (We're currently working on writing the v2 Python API. Visit [the Discord server](https://discord.gg/secvguatbC) for more info.)

## Installing

Python 3.6 or higher is required.

```bash
# linux/macOS
python3 -m pip install -U pluralkit

# windows
py -3 -m pip install -U pluralkit
```

## Quick examples

Provided a system's authorization token, the examples below print the system description and list the system's members.

### Async usage

pluralkit.py was created with [discord.py](https://github.com/Rapptz/discord.py) in mind, and so the default implementation is [asynchronous](https://docs.python.org/3/library/asyncio-task.html).

```python
from pluralkit import Client
import asyncio

pk = Client("token") # your token here

async def main():
   system = await pk.get_system()
   print(system.description)

   members = pk.get_members()
   async for member in members:
      print(f"{member.name} (`{member.id}`)")

loop = asyncio.get_event_loop()
loop.run_until_complete(main())
```

### Synchronous usage

Blocking execution may be specified with the client argument `async_mode=False`.

```python
from pluralkit import Client

pk = Client("token", async_mode=False)

system = pk.get_system()
print(system.description)

members = pk.get_members()
for member in members:
   print(f"{member.name} (`{member.id}`)")
```

## Token

The client can be used without one's [PluralKit authorization token](https://pluralkit.me/api/#authentication), but it's required for editing one's system or members or for accessing one's private system or member info.

## Links

* [PyPI link](https://pypi.org/project/pluralkit/)
* [Latest build of the docs](https://pluralkit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
* [pluralkit.py Discord support server](https://discord.gg/secvguatbC)
* [PluralKit support server](https://discord.gg/PczBt78)
* [PluralKit's API](https://pluralkit.me/)

## Todo

* Test timezone mechanics
* Prepare for API v2
